Sitecore.Octopus
================

An amalgamation of various open source tools to help with continuous delivery of Sitecore sites using Octopus Deploy. 


What it does:
------

1) Generate Release notes form Resolved jira issues and github commmit's, since the last production release in octopus deploy for your project. You can then pass this txt file into Octopus Deploy for your new release. so you REALLY do know what is being deployed.

2) Generate a .update package to be installed with Sitecore.Ship as part of your PostDeploy.ps1 script. The package of sitecore items is generated by comparing the current serilization folder with one that is tagged in the 'Github Releases'. ( There is a service for doing that in here as well).

3)Generates a  ItemsToPublish.json file, which you can pass into sitecore.ship to publish the new items automatically as part of your PostDeploy.ps1 script

What it is:
------

It is a a Console app that you can call from your favourite scripting language (PSake example provided).

It will generate the following 3 files. 

1) ItemsToPublish.json ( for use with sitecore.ship )

2) GeneratedContentPackage.update ( for use with sitecore.ship )

3) ReleaseNotes.txt (for passing into Octopus Deploy)


Psake Example:
------

```PowerShell
task GenerateSitecorePackage {
     exec { & "$base_dir\Sitecore.Octopus.ContentPackageGenerator\bin\Debug\Sitecore.Octopus.ContentPackageGenerator.exe" "$source" "$packageDestination" "1e5b544554a5fbbb6d793721dc45fc2eca5439c9"}
}
```

 Arguments are:  seralization folder, Where you want package moved to, and git commit hash of current build ( can use GetCommitHash task example)



Prerequrisets
------

Sitecore.Ship ( For installing and publishing content packages)

Unicorn ( For serializing content in the first place) 

Octopus Deploy 

JIRA account with API access ( You could disable this feature if not needed)

Github account with API access ( Although it is all behind an interface, so you could swap in a different provider)

PSake ( Optional - build script examples are provided in Psake. )

Contributing:
------

Pull requets wil most definatley be accepted. If you do submit a PR, please make sure you add tests proving that it works. Currently there is some hard coded paths in the unit tests ( I know), which means you need to checkout the solution to: C:\\Projects\\Sitecore.Octopus.


It is build using c# / .net 4.5.1 and has 100% code coverage! (although some tests could do with some better asserts)
